[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
I'm with David Adair,
Space Technology
Transfer Consultant,
US Navy Jet Engine Technician,
Field Researcher for the Office
of Naval Intelligence.
And we're going to be
talking about Groom Lake.
David, welcome to the show.
>> DAVID ADAIR: Thank you.
>> EMERY: What can you tell me
about this secret place that
goes under so many alias names?
>> ADAIR: I know.
I never heard this place
other than Groom Lake
when I was 17 back in 1971.
Apparently, it's got a lot
of activities going on there.
And people think that
I was working there.
I never worked there.
I just had a one-day visit.
They brought me there
to see something
they wanted to show me and--
>> EMERY: Well, what did
they want to show you, David?
>> ADAIR: Well, I think
they were a little puzzled.
Because it took me 26 and
1/2 months to build Pitholem,
which was my big rocket.
And it was a different kind of
propulsion system altogether.
It wasn't liquid fuel
or solid propellant.
It was a fusion
containment drive.
>> EMERY: How did you
actually get exposed to that?
>> ADAIR: It started
when I was having dreams.
And these dreams came--
it wasn't like you
have a dream and you
can't recall it or something.
These came in consecutive order.
So I--
>> EMERY: As a child, or as an
adult, you were having this--
>> ADAIR: I was a child.
And I knew that there was
something to these things.
It would just bother me all
day long in the waking hours.
So I took a notepad to bed, and
woke up, and right on the pad
what I could remember,
and then go back to sleep.
And the next morning,
really couldn't
remember all that
stuff that well,
till I flipped open the pad
and saw that, man, did that--
it all came flooding back.
And wherever I ended
off in the dream,
the next night picked back up.
So it was like reading a book.
So I started the notebook
and 93 pages later
finally got the
rest of it all in.
And then I started
looking at it.
And it was a
mathematical computation,
where you started
trying to achieve
what we call field containment
of an electromagnetic field.
Everybody in the world
calls me a rocket scientist.
But I'm not.
I'm intelligent, I'm not that.
>> EMERY: You're the Rocket Man.
>> ADAIR: I know.
I mean--
>> EMERY: Was it a conscious
creativity that you may have
had?
Or were you getting
messages, you think,
from another civilization?
>> ADAIR: I was
just 12 years old.
I don't know any difference.
I'm just trying to figure
out what was coming in.
And I knew that--
now, I was flying
solid rocket engines.
And then I went to
liquid fuel, which
is a whole lot
more sophisticated
with cryogenic fluids and--
>> EMERY: All right.
And you're at what age
that people should know?
>> ADAIR: About 13.
>> EMERY: Right.
This is great.
>> ADAIR: And starting to
become an old veteran now.
But this thing
with the dreams, it
was a different
kind of propulsion,
being able to harness and
not just explode atoms--
which we do, make a big hole
in the ground, hydrogen bombs.
Imagine if you could
contain it, where
would be in a
self-containing endless loop.
You would have the
power of the sun.
In a way, I just started
assimilating this thing
together.
And what I didn't know at
the time, when I met up
with a general
through my mother, who
was the nurse in charge
of the general's father--
and anyway, this general, when
he showed up on the scene,
everything changed.
But he brought forces to bear
on endless material, supplies,
equipment, people,
labs all this stuff.
And I couldn't have done that
being just a kid in the shop--
>> EMERY: Right, no.
>> ADAIR: That's not
what happened at all.
It was a huge undertaking.
And this was like back in 1967.
I'd never heard terms
like "black ops,"
"black operations."
You know, what is that?
You never even heard it.
Didn't even know terms
like "first strike."
Didn't even hear
that kind of stuff.
But that's what this general
was after, and I didn't know it.
But I'm just trying to
get a propulsion system.
>> EMERY: Did he show you
any propulsion systems?
I mean, what were
you exposed to--
>> ADAIR: No.
>> EMERY: --that you could
describe or the files that
you've seen?
>> ADAIR: It was
really more of one-way.
He wanted to know what I
was doing and funded me.
And of course, I'm like a
starving dog in a meat house
I mean, I'm getting everything
I need, the materials and stuff.
And I thought, this is so cool.
So I can't work on it enough.
And I'm starting to get
the fields to condense
into a pattern and shape.
And the way conventional
thought was back then
in the early '70s was wrong,
and is still wrong today.
They're still using tutorial
compressors and singularities.
You know, they're half right.
It takes two to do this.
And you want to go into
a figure eight pattern.
Because what's number
eight sideways in math?
Infinity.
>> EMERY: Infinity.
>> ADAIR: So you build
an infinity flow design,
and that's when it
started taking off.
What he knew that I didn't
know was, they have one already
in their possession over in
a place called Groom Lake,
and he's watching me
construct one from scratch
that looks just like a mirror--
>> EMERY: Oh, my goodness.
>> ADAIR: --of the one they
got, except theirs is huge,
like the size of
an 18-wheel semi,
and mine's only
about 4 feet long.
And I didn't know it, but I
was making myself a ticket
to go to Groom Lake.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> ADAIR: I had built of a
functioning fusion drive unit.
And that goes back
to, people think
I'm a rocket
scientist, Rocket Man.
Think of it as a hammer
is to a carpenter.
That's what a rocket is to me.
It wasn't rockets I
was interested in.
It was just a medium
that I was using
to test the theorem and
the hypothesis of a field
containment for a fusion
containment device.
And that's-- you know, I wasn't
building a fusion containment
rocket.
I was building a power plant,
a new type of fusion power
we could use to
power cities with.
>> EMERY: What did the projects
want you to use it for?
>> ADAIR: That was a problem.
That became a rub
between all of us.
Because of the speed--
the thing's only got two
speeds, off and wide open.
There's no throttling.
There's no idling.
It's just-- because
it's really designed
for a launch in
interplanetary space.
That's where it
would function best.
We covered 125 miles
in about 3.2 seconds.
So you didn't even see it leave.
It was like trying to see a
rifle bullet leave a barrel.
What happened once we did the
launch at White Sands, this guy
that showed up at
White Sands after we
got there named Arthur Rudolph,
he took control of the project.
He took my Colonel--
Colonel Arthur Williams--
put him in a house arrest.
And then he took me and he
already had me land Pitholem
exactly where he wanted it.
They put it in a place
called Groom Lake, Nevada.
So I pulled one of the
geophysical maps to look at it
and said, it's just a
big, dry lake bed there.
I said, you know,
we're riding on a DC-9.
And I said, them tires out there
are going to plow that thing's
belly, we ain't going nowhere.
How are you going to
land-- and told me shut up
and get on the plane.
So I did.
And hours later,
sure enough, there's
a big Air Force Base there.
Or some kind of base.
They had runways all
staked out and marked.
It was going to be big.
It was going to be
big twin runways.
We landed on a thing
that would be a taxiway.
They had it completed.
And pulled up to the center
hangar, and we got out.
And I saw Pitholem and its
parachutes out in the desert
landed right where
they wanted it.
So now they got Pitholem and me
at Groom Lake, and they said,
we need to go look at something.
That's why you're here.
And I'm sitting there
going, now what on Earth
would they want to show me here?
>> EMERY: What
did they show you?
>> ADAIR: Well, we
got in the hangar.
And sitting there in these
crazy looking golf cart things--
but I don't think they weren't
running by propane tanks,
and they weren't running on--
they wasn't internal combustion.
I don't know what powered these
things, that's still today.
They just made this really
strange humming noise.
We were just sitting
there waiting.
I thought, well, what's
going to happen next?
And all these little chains
come out of the floors
and close off all the doors,
and the lights came on.
And I thought, wow, I guess,
you know, it's like barriers.
They don't want people walking
from outside walking in.
I could see why, because
it'd be really uncomfortable,
considering the whole
floor dropped down.
The entire floor of this
hangar was an elevator.
So we're going down.
And I thought, man, the size
of this floor, the elevator,
I said, it can't be chains or
cables lowering this floor.
I mean, this-- see, I was right.
And we got down, you
could see them turning.
They were worm screws the
size of sequoia trees.
And there was like 12 of them.
So whatever they rolled
in and out of this hangar,
it was heavy and big.
Or at least, designed for it.
And we went down,
and down, and down,
was sitting there
waiting, waiting.
And I figured we were
about 200 feet down.
And we flushed
down on the floor.
And you look straight
ahead, and it was just
this monstrous cavern shape.
It was a rainbow shaped roof.
The walls came to a canter,
and they became perpendicular.
I don't know what was
up with this place.
But big as that cavern was,
and you stick out your arms,
and there's no shadows anywhere.
So I thought,
where's the lights?
Looking up, sides, floor.
There's no light
fixtures anywhere.
>> EMERY: Nowhere.
>> ADAIR: How did they do that?
The only guess--
I'm sitting there going,
I guess the atmosphere.
We're breathing the lights.
I don't know.
Still don't know today.
But that started telling
me, this whole place
is just technologically
not what it should be.
So we take off driving
down through there.
And I ask the two
guys in front of me--
it was just an innocent
question, just--
what did you do
with all the dirt?
You know, I thought that
was a fair question.
>> EMERY: That's a
really good question.
>> ADAIR: And because there's
no dirt up on the floor that I
could see.
Take that much dirt out, you'd
have a mountain upstairs.
Nothing.
And they get so mad about that.
They said, you don't
need to worry about that.
I said, well, I am
worried about it now.
So we're going down the floors.
And as we're traveling
down through there,
you could see in the shops--
on each side there
were shops and offices,
people working there, work
bays, and then hangar bays.
Now, the hangars,
when we go by, they
had regular sliding
hangar doors.
Some of them were
open, some were not.
But the ones that were
open, what you could see
was really odd.
I saw this first set of aircraft
that look like big teardrops
with landing legs.
I'd never seen
anything like that.
And they weren't
models, because they
were electric power,
hooked to them,
air conditioner
hoses, and drip pans.
So I thought, well, hell, they
got drip problems like I did.
So we went down into another--
passed another hangar door.
And sitting in
there were these--
I don't know.
Just imagine if you put
landing gear on an arrowhead.
That's what these
looked like, you
know, like a big
arrowhead shaped aircraft.
And in 1971, we didn't
have stuff like that.
And then the last
thing I remember
seeing in all the hangars was
this one big bomber delta wing.
It was shaped like a triangle.
And it was just gigantic.
I thought it was the XB-70.
But I know the XB-70,
one crashed in desert,
and the other one in 1969 was
sent to Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base Museum.
This was 1971, two years later.
So there's a third
one that didn't--
nobody knows about.
>> EMERY: No one
knew about, right.
>> ADAIR: And it looked
different from the regular
XB-70.
The canards behind the
wings were shaped different.
And the engines
looked different.
Could have been Aurora.
>> EMERY: Could
have been Aurora.
Sounds like it.
>> ADAIR: Yeah, that's
what I think it was.
But it was huge.
God almighty.
Then we went on down further.
And we were about a
quarter mile into it.
And still, you can look down at
the end, nowhere near anything,
just infinity--
just keeps on going.
I still wanted to ask them, what
did you do with all the dirt?
But the guy jumps out
of the little golf cart.
And he runs out
and puts his hands
on this glass table top thing.
And he looks in the
scope, there's a flash,
and then this-- not
like the hangar doors--
a 40-foot-- it had to be
least 40-foot diameter--
iris, like a camera--
>> EMERY: Yeah,
and it goes [ZIP]
>> ADAIR: Yeah, it's spinning.
It's opening up, and
I'm going, damn, that's
the fanciest door
I've ever seen.
And a plate slides over at
the floor and makes it flush.
We drive in, the lights
come up inside this big room
about the size of a gymnasium.
And I thought, hey, I might
see some lights, you know,
fixtures.
No light fixtures.
Light comes up, just
nice and light at the--
still no shadows.
Going, what's up
with this place?
And that guard, when he
got out and put his hands
on that thing, in
fact, I thought--
today we go, oh, that was a palm
scanner and a retina scanner.
Man, we had nothing like that.
This is 1971.
We didn't even have a
handheld calculator yet.
That will come later
from Texas Instruments.
So I thought, man, they are
not dealing with us on levels,
what they have and don't have.
So now I'm thinking, what did
they bring me down here to see?
So at the end of the big room,
there's a stage type structure
built. It looks like
a stage platform.
But it must have
been heavy, whatever
it was, because it had big steel
I-beams for crawl supports.
And there was a curtain
hanging around this thing.
It was rubber, you could tell.
It looked like mud
flaps of a semi.
But these things must
have weighed tons.
>> EMERY: That's heavy.
>> ADAIR: I've
picked up a mud flap.
They're about 100 pounds apiece.
This thing had cables
and the flaps raised up.
It's not like a curtain you
run up and look underneath it.
They didn't want you looking
underneath that thing.
So they raised it up, and I--
I remember looking
at that going,
I thought I was ahead of
everybody, and I realized,
man I ain't nowhere.
I had an electromagnetic
fusion containment engine, just
successfully launched, landed
up on the desert floor above us.
Yeah, I felt kind
of smug about that.
You know, hey, I did pretty good
for being a teenager and all,
and it worked.
But this thing was over 60
feet long, about 15 feet tall,
I guess, 22 feet wide.
It was an electromagnetic
fusion containment engine.
And you can tell by the way
they're shaped and designed--
mine had the same shape--
if you had a 4-cylinder internal
combustion engine four-stroke
and a Model A block sitting
there and a Lamborghini block,
they're going to look the same,
because they're functioning
in the same principle.
But the Lamborghini is
much more sophisticated.
And that was the deal
with this thing--
way more sophisticated
than anything I had.
And there were
steps to the stage.
And I said, can I go
up and look at it?
Air Force people said no.
Rudolph says, yeah, go ahead.
Well, now we know
who's in charge.
So I go up the stairs
and go up to the thing.
And best way to
describe it, think
of two octopuses, all their
tentacles arms all inter--
they're all twisted together
and convoluted into two spheres
which are the cyclotrons.
And the way they
rounded the plasma ducts
was exactly the way that I went.
I went in a figure
eight component.
This one was also in a
figure-eight component.
But the big, round
spheres part, they
look different in material.
I've never seen a
material look like that.
You ever see a
whale or a dolphin?
You have to throw water on
it, keep it from drying out--
That's what it looked like.
It looked more like
flesh, but it wasn't.
It was metal.
The whole thing
looked really odd.
It was like an organic machine.
>> EMERY: Was it alive?
Did you feel its consciousness?
>> ADAIR: Well, not at first.
But I got closer to it.
And when I got about
from here to you from it,
the first thing I
see is my shadow.
And what I've been saying all
along, no shadows anywhere.
Turned around looking
for lights to see
if it's casting a shadow.
No lights anywhere.
So I move my arms
with the shadows.
And my shadow is about a
split second behind me.
My guess was heat seeking
or heat recognition alloy.
It's picking up off of my
infrared or my heat energy,
registering it on itself,
and that's why it's lit.
Well, I thought, that was
pretty dang fancy at that.
But later I find out,
wrong about that.
Wrong about a lot of things.
So I reached out and
put my hand on it,
and asked Rudolph if I
could climb up on top.
So it had an
ectoskeleton over it,
which was easy to climb up on.
It was like going
up a latticework.
Well, when I reached in
through the ectoskeleton part
into the smooth area, as
soon as my hand got on it,
all these radiating waves took
off down through its side.
And it was like a
blue, white motion--
you know, those things they
put in the executives called
a motion wave, keeps them calm?
>> EMERY: Right,
and keeps you calm.
It's like this wave went--
>> ADAIR: Yeah, it would move
like that down its side--
>> EMERY: --down the side.
>> ADAIR: And pull it
off, and it stopped,
dissipate and go away.
Put it back on, it
starts up again.
So I turned round and
asked them about that.
And it's the way the Air
Force people were looking.
Everybody's mouths are
hanging down to here,
including Rudolph.
Rudolph and them were--
obviously hadn't seen
this reaction before.
So I put my hands back on it,
take them off, put them on,
watch their faces.
I had a lot of fun actually.
You know, and-- so I
crawled on up on top of it,
walking down the vertebrates
of this thing-- it
had vertebrates.
And it had like
ribbings down its side.
But in these
vertebrates and bones,
there are these
bundles of fiber tubes.
And in the tubes was a
liquid running through there.
But it had a almost
like a iridescent glow.
It's flowing through the
plastic tubing on a--
almost like it's a pulse rate.
So I walk on down to the
center, where the fields
cross each other in the
figure eight, so right in its,
what I call the
eye of hurricane.
Because that's where it's calm
when the fury of the plasma
is passing through
to the both sides.
Got to remember,
this thing is flowing
from four different
directions at once.
So it's really something
to see when it's spinning.
Mine was.
So I looked over on
the side, and there's
a hole blown in the
side of this thing.
And it's big.
It's got to be about 4
feet, 5 feet in diameter.
It's big.
And whatever hit it, it looked
like it came from the outside
in.
But this is where it
starts getting weird,
if it ain't weird
enough already.
Instead of-- you know
how metal shrouds when
it's pulled out or blowed in?
This thing, best described,
imagine if you tuck a harpoon--
which has a grenade
in the end of it,
if you didn't know how it works,
and it goes into the whale,
and it detonates.
It's what kills the whale.
And the whole blubber
blows back and all--
this stuff looked like that.
It looked like meat
instead of metal.
But you reach out and
touch it, it's metal.
None of it's making sense--
>> EMERY: Is it tissue
with metally thing?
Is there a hybridization maybe?
>> ADAIR: Exactly.
It's everything-- you
know, D, all of the above.
It's everything.
But it's solid.
It's not soft or fleshy.
But it's got the look of
like something flesh-torn.
>> EMERY: Did it go through
the craft, or just--
>> ADAIR: It went through, yeah.
>> EMERY: So there's another
hole in the other side.
>> ADAIR: No, it didn't
go all the way through.
That would've been a real
concern for everybody,
because if it had done
that there wouldn't
have been nothing there.
Because you would
have penetrated
the inner electromagnetic
field, and you'd
been staring at 100
million degrees centigrade.
That's 10,000 times hotter
than the core of the sun.
>> EMERY: What could have
created this hole in the craft,
do you think?
>> ADAIR: Some kind
of blast came in.
And this thing is
a power plant, OK?
People say an engine.
No, it's a power plant.
You slide it into a
craft of some kind,
and you sit there and look at
the dimensions of this thing
and do a proportionality.
You can figure it out.
That craft had to of been
bigger than a football field.
It was huge.
But near solid craft.
So I looked down in the
hole part, and there's--
I can see stuff.
There's some lights down there.
It's blue.
So I ask Rudolph, can I crawl
down, take a look in here?
And Air Force people
said, absolutely not.
Rudolph says, yeah, go ahead.
Hey.
So I got down in there,
wiggled in, slide down in.
And I must have went in
probably 5 or 6 feet into it.
Then when you get in
there, well, guess what?
It's some kind of station--
maintenance station, whatever.
There was-- what's left of it--
was a chair.
But the blast came in
from the outer wall,
just annihilated this chair.
Starting to-- like it's on its
way through the whole thing--
hits the inner wall of
the electromagnetic field,
and it stopped.
It stopped it right there,
whatever the blast was--
particle beam, whatever.
And there was these
control station
mounts in front of the chair.
>> EMERY: Did we put
anything in there?
Because a lot of times
I've seen this before,
where we bring our own things
inside to run tests and--
>> ADAIR: No, there was no
Earth-like detectors in there,
nothing.
Even the light itself
was coming off the walls.
So they haven't messed
with this area much.
Then there was these pods
on the station itself.
And you sit down.
And this thing is made for a
bipedal anthropoid, which I
thought, that was interesting.
>> EMERY: Now,
that's interesting.
>> ADAIR: And so I sit
down, put my feet down.
Not much of a seat to sit on.
It's blowed up
and disintegrated.
But I thought, well, whoever
would sit down in this thing,
well, these must be
the control panels.
So there was cutouts like
that in the top of the domes.
And I thought,
hey, I can do that.
Look at that.
So I stuff my hands on them.
And as soon as I did that--
I remember my mother telling
me, don't put your hands where
you don't think they should be.
Because as soon as I put
my hands on that thing,
these interlocking
rings come flying up--
you know, ching, ching, ching,
ching, ching, like that--
to my knuckles.
And it's got all
10 of my fingers.
And they're contracting.
They're tightening down.
I thought they were going
cut all my fingers off.
So I started yelling
for Arthur Rudolph.
You know, h-- and boy,
a voice as clear as day,
in a Lauren Bacall accent--
go figure that-- just this real
sultry voice, says, David, shh.
Quiet.
And I'm sitting there going, OK.
Can you lighten the grip up?
And it did.
But it didn't let go.
>> EMERY: Did you think
about it or say it out loud?
>> ADAIR: No, I said out loud.
But the voice coming
in, it's audio.
You know, at least
I think it's audio.
But apparently, they
can't hear it out there.
So I'm sitting there,
and I'm talking to it.
You know, and I'm
not saying anything.
And I said, can I
have my hands back?
No.
There's something I need to do.
And she said, you might
find this uncomfortable.
And when a doctor
tells you that,
that means it's going to
hurt like hell, you know, so.
All all of a sudden,
it felt like a tingle,
like electricity
going up each arm.
But you can feel
it moving up you.
That was starting
to weird me out.
And when it got up
to the neck to right
here, at the carotid
arteries, boy, this thing
appeared in front me
like a heads-up gear
you can see through it.
I could see the rest of
the panels through it.
But there was these
images started coming in.
And they were everything.
It's like a videotape going by.
And it's just flashing
images and starting getting
faster and faster and faster.
>> EMERY: And this is in
front of you on the display,
on the heads-up display.
>> ADAIR: Yeah, on this heads-up
display that's just hovering
right there.
>> EMERY: What were
these images of?
Could you recognize anything?
>> ADAIR: Not at first.
But over the years later,
I could recall some of it.
And they were planets, and
solar system, and galaxies.
And one area, there
was this like--
I don't know.
It looked like fleets and
tremendous battle going on.
And that flashed by.
Then more planets, stars.
And then I saw an image of the
actual power plant working.
It looked like it was left on.
Apparently-- Well
anyway, the stuff
got up to there, all
these visions coming.
Till finally, it's burning in my
head, and my arms are burning.
I'm just burning.
I thought I was
going to catch fire.
And finally I just said, stop.
Or like, I can't take anymore.
And in went a few more seconds,
and then everything went quiet.
And I didn't know
whether it got through
or it just quit, because
I couldn't think no more.
And I was starting to say, let
my fingers g-- and it let go.
And as soon as I
went, it let go,
the pods closed closed up and
sunk down into the counter
and closed over.
And I thought, hmm.
I wonder if I even know
about these pods down here,
you know, these domes.
And so I'm sitting there
going, I'm going now.
And all I hear was
it, yeah, let's go.
And I went, well, OK.
So I crawl out of this
thing, and I get up on top,
and I felt like I was in
there for like a half hour.
But as far as they were
concerned, they said,
you're not staying any longer?
It must have been just a
couple of minutes to them.
So I thought, well, there we go.
That's odd.
And by now, I would find
that strange anywhere else.
But with everything going
on, it didn't even--
I said, some kind of
time displacement portal.
>> EMERY: But that
last message you said,
that something was
coming with you.
>> ADAIR: Well, that's what--
>> EMERY: What-- now that--
>> ADAIR: And I was thinking
about that when I was crawling
out.
I went, I just said to myself,
what do you mean, let's go?
You know, both of us?
And--
>> EMERY: Because that
right there is a some sort
of conscious telepathy language.
This is saying, hey,
I am aware of you.
We just made a connection.
And now I'm coming with you.
>> ADAIR: There was
another sentence with it.
But didn't make sense to me.
It said, come on, let's go.
I'm through working
with black arts.
And I have no idea
what that meant.
So I don't know.
Maybe the personnel--
I don't know.
So I crawled out of the
thing, get up on top,
walking down to the
other end, and finally
had to stop and start
asking questions.
And now, I'm a 17-year-old
teenager in 1971.
Everything from adults
is always condescending.
And I looked down and I said,
the people who work on this
are gone for their summer
vacation, took their notes
with them, is what you told me.
I said, you know, this thing--
look at it.
It's 60 feet long, and there's
not a single wire, nut, bolt,
screw, weld line seam, nothing.
How in the hell
did you build that?
And now they're starting to
frown and grumble down there.
And I said, this
thing is not ours,
and it's not
theirs-- the Soviets.
This thing is not even
from the neighborhood.
I said, where did you get this?
Did you shoot it down,
dig it up, or what?
And now they're getting mad.
And Rudolph tells me with
a hiss, get off of it.
So I'm climbing down the side.
And I'm really pissed
off, because so much
is going through
my head, been lied
to about everything from start
to finish, prior to this,
listened to national
anthems, had an American flag
for a blanket, and now realize,
all that is just bullshit.
They're lying out
their teeth, sitting
on this kind of technology,
not sharing it with anybody.
So I'm really pissed off.
And so as soon as I go on down
the vertebrates or down the
ribs, slap my hand back on the
other end where it's smooth,
and it's no longer
little blue waves.
It looks like a flame thrower.
It looks like fire going
down through there.
And I let off, and
I put it back on.
I'm going, what is
that thing doing?
And as I calm down,
the fire lets off,
and the blue waves come back.
And I'm going, oh, god.
This thing is a mood ring.
It's like--
>> EMERY: Did it reverb back?
>> ADAIR: Yeah.
>> EMERY: And you saw this flow?
>> ADAIR: As my mind is
watching it, I'm calming down.
I'm not so pissed off.
As I calm down, the flames
go away, and here comes
the blue waves back.
So this thing's-- it's
reacting to your thoughts.
>> EMERY: Sure.
Glad you didn't get too
angry, because the whole thing
would have torched.
>> ADAIR: Yeah, it might ignite.
I was like, I'd better
get off this thing.
So I get down, get on the
floor, come on down with them.
They just throw me in the
back of the golf cart,
and we ride off.
Now, I'm on the back in,
you know, facing out.
They're up in the seats.
And we're moving.
That's an important
detail, because the wind
is blowing through.
So when they're
whispering to each other--
>> EMERY: You hear everything.
>> ADAIR: It's blowing
it right in my ear.
>> EMERY: You hear everything.
>> ADAIR: So I've just got
to turn my head like that
and listen.
And I can hear them.
They said, we've got to
get this kid to show us
how this thing operates.
You know, if we don't
get this in time,
we're not going to have
first strike solution.
And I'm sitting there
going, first strike?
Are they playing
baseball down here?
You know, I'd never
heard this term.
>> EMERY: 1971, yeah.
>> ADAIR: 1971.
Never heard of first strike.
And then they said, we've got--
with the pressure with
Soviet Union, Vietnam,
all this stuff--
and I went Vietnam
and Soviet Union?
I went, oh, man.
You know, what's
going on right now
is General Westmoreland
is getting his butt kicked
in Vietnam supplied by
the Ho Chi Minh trail
by the Soviet Union.
It's a big mess going on.
And what these guys
are doing, they're
looking for something
that can win MAD--
Mutual Assured Destruction.
And I knew about that.
We learned about that.
And I thought, the only way
to win MAD is first strike.
Which, that concept's
even crazy--
>> EMERY: That's
a scary concept.
>> ADAIR: It is.
Because, you know, when I
confronted them later about it,
they said--
I asked them, what
about the Soviet subs?
You can get to silos.
What about the subs?
Well, we figure we can lose
30%, 35% of the population.
We find that acceptable.
Not if you're in
the 30%, you're not
going to find it acceptable.
So the whole thing was
just nuts back then.
>> EMERY: Did you have any
communications with this
conscious craft since you left?
>> ADAIR: Communication
has never stopped.
It's been continuous, day and
night forever, ever since I
left.
I don't hear voices.
But what I get is
feelings, impressions.
Everything is through feelings.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> ADAIR: I'm just a puny human.
You're dealing with
something here that--
I find out later through
impressions and feelings--
this thing comes from an
entirely different way
of living than we
even can conceive.
This thing is like whales
born in deep oceans
between the galaxies.
And they're not thousands
of years old or she's like--
and she's got a name,
Pitholem, where it came from--
she's like 8.2
billion years old.
Can you imagine how
advanced that race is?
She just laid it out.
She wasn't kidding,
said, let's go.
>> EMERY: Do you believe
maybe some consciousness from
the craft went with you
in your consciousness?
Or was it just a direct link
of consciousness, since we're
all connected anyway?
>> ADAIR: No, this was, with
the hands on the domes, no,
this was personal.
This is really personal.
And when I left,
remember the blue light?
>> EMERY: Yes.
>> ADAIR: It went out.
So whatever power was in the
power plant, its entity--
>> EMERY: Maybe you were
the carrier for this light.
>> ADAIR: I have feeling I've
got a conscious stuck in me.
That's the best way I can
explain to y'all, is that this
thing decided to leave.
And think about it.
Who sent me my dreams?
Knowing I'd build this rocket;
knowing that people like LeMay
would show up; knowing that
eventually they would get me
to a proving ground to
test it that would bring
another layer of people,
Rudolph and his company;
knowing that takes me
out to Groom Lake, where
I see this thing; knowing I'm
going to crawl up in and put
my hands on the pods;
knowing it's time to use me
as a life boat, and off we go.
>> EMERY: You're like
a galactic paramedic.
You just basically
pulled this consciousness
of this being out of
a deadly situation,
and it's been with
you ever since.
>> ADAIR: Oh, yeah.
It's been--
>> EMERY: Has it changed
your belief systems?
>> ADAIR: Oh, god, yeah.
What do you think?
Why do you think
people like me so much?
I'm a personable
rocket scientist?
Does that make sense?
I mean, my whole existence
don't even make sense.
If you do the science I can do--
the mechanics,
electronics, everything--
and can sit down with a
group of Hell's Angels
and get along with them
like a good old boy,
or go over and sit with a
bunch of scientists at MIT,
all in the same day.
And that's not--
>> EMERY: It's not normal.
>> ADAIR: And that's not me.
I'm not that spectacular.
It's something else going on.
But I've learned, I
have been able to learn
to adapt and go with this.
But man, I'll tell you what.
There are times when
I do stuff, and I just
go, man, that's not me.
I can't--
>> EMERY: Exactly.
>> ADAIR: I'm not that good.
Stuff I can do is just endless.
And it's across the board.
It's in everything.
It's in psychology, in
history, in mathematics,
physics, computers.
Everything.
>> EMERY: Did you get any
messages or feelings about
the future of, you
know, the human race?
>> ADAIR: Well, like
it was relayed to me,
not every world runs on
a Julius Caesar calendar,
or even operate in a
chronological timeline.
Matter of fact, we're probably
some of the few species
that do that.
Most of the rest of the
universe out there goes,
there is no such creature
that runs on a consecutive
timeline-- you know, he's 30
years old, he's 31, he's 32--
nothing lives like that.
Well, guess what?
We're an oddity.
So they go about an entirely
different way of doing things.
So I don't know.
This thing got damaged
in some kind of battle,
crash landed on the planet,
dropped its power plant.
Ship went home.
Don't know what
happened to them-- crew,
I have no idea what
happened to them.
But the power plant wasn't
through, and it's not alone.
It's got family.
And what may be 45 years
for it sitting there--
>> EMERY: It's not.
>> ADAIR: --it's only
about 30 minutes.
So it's families en route.
It's coming.
I'm 65.
I hope it hurries up,
because its lifeboat is
going to keel over here.
>> EMERY: Well, thanks,
Dave, for coming on the show.
I appreciate having you.
This is Emery Smith with
"Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]